Update vpn_softetherbridge.md : to briged interaface will assiged with physical interface's MAC address. (#589)
w3c/wot-testing: tools/vpn/vpn_softetherbridge.md

NOTE: These instructions assume you are using linux on Raspberry Pi.
`testuser/pftest` is a sample User ID and password in the instruction.
This setup is NOT a persistent service; if you reboot, you will have to
reconfigure it.  TODO: separate static and per-boot parts of instructions;
create a service and a configuration file.

## 1. Download VPN Bridge from SoftEther Download Center

- go to <https://www.softether-download.com/en.aspx?product=softether>
- Select Software -> SoftEther VPN (Freeware)
- Select Component -> SoftEther VPN Bridge
- Select Platform -> Linux
- Select CPU -> ARM EABI (32bit)
- Download newest file

> - As of this writing, newest file is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As of this writing, newest files are
```

NOTE: These instructions assume you are using linux on Raspberry Pi.
`testuser/pftest` is a sample User ID and password in the instruction.
This setup is NOT a persistent service; if you reboot, you will have to
reconfigure it.  

TODO:

- separate static and per-boot parts of instructions
- create a service and a configuration file.

## 1. Download VPN Bridge from SoftEther Download Center

- go to <https://www.softether-download.com/en.aspx?product=softether>
- Select Software -> SoftEther VPN (Freeware)
- Select Component -> SoftEther VPN Bridge
- Select Platform -> Linux
- Select CPU -> ARM EABI (32bit) or ARM 64bit (64bit)
- Download newest file

> - As of this writing, newest files are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As of this writing, newest files are as follow:
```

  - [Stable v4.41-9782 ARM-64bit](https://github.com/SoftEtherVPN/SoftEtherVPN_Stable/releases/download/v4.41-9782-beta/softether-vpnbridge-v4.41-9782-beta-2022.11.17-linux-arm64-64bit.tar.gz)
  - [Stable v4.41-9782 ARM-32bit](https://www.softether-download.com/files/softether/v4.43-9799-beta-2023.08.31-tree/Linux/SoftEther_VPN_Bridge/32bit_-_ARM_EABI/softether-vpnbridge-v4.43-9799-beta-2023.08.31-linux-arm_eabi-32bit.tar.gz)

> - Alternatively, it can download form github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Alternatively, it can be downloaded from GitHub via the following links:
```

> If you need to connect the machines in VPN from the machine where `vpnbridge` is running,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to connect the machines in VPN from the machine where `vpnbridge` is running, perform the actions described below.
```

> Create tap interafce, so it can communicate with local network,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create tap interface, so it can communicate with local network:
```

```
VPN Server>BridgeCreate BRIDGE /DEVICE:svpn /TAP:yes      <----
```

> Install `bridged-utils` to create a bridged interface,

Reviewer: Each step should be a sentence, ending with a period (a/k/a full-stop) `.`. They should not end with commas, as this PR is doing.

Author: Thank you for the sugesstion!

```
% sudo apt install bridge-utils
```

Before creating a bridge interface, get physical interface's MAC address by running,

```
% ip link
```

> On the `ip link` output, you can find the MAC, as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the `ip link` output, you can find the Media Access Control (MAC) address, as shown below.
```

```
2: eth0: <BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 1500 qdisc fq_codel master br0 state UP mode DEFAULT group default qlen 1000
    link/ether 00:a0:98:79:42:65 brd ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff
    ↑--------------------------↑ -> This is Mac address
```

Physical interface names may vary.  Use a interface name of dedicated network adapter for bridging.

> To create bridged interface, we need to modify the netplan, to modify `netplan`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Physical interface names may vary.  Use the interface name of a dedicated network adapter for bridging.

To create a bridged interface, we need to modify the `netplan`, as described below.
```

  version: 2
  ethernets:
    eth0:

>       dhcp4: false <--- Make sure to change to false!!! Otherwise you cannot access your device over ethernet anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      dhcp4: false <--- Make sure to change to false!!! Otherwise, you will no longer be able to access your device over Ethernet.
```

        forward-delay: 4
```

Now apply `netplan` to activate bridged interface (`br0`),

```
% sudo netplan apply
```

> Now, we can link tap interface from SoftEther VPN to bridged interface (`br0`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we can link the tap interface from the SoftEther VPN to the bridged interface (`br0`)
```

Further information about local bridge is [here](https://www.softether.org/4-docs/1-manual/3._SoftEther_VPN_Server_Manual/3.6_Local_Bridges#3.6.11_Points_to_Note_when_Local_Bridging_in_Linux.2C_FreeBSD.2C_Solaris_or_Mac_OS_X).

## 9. Automatically starting at boot

The local VPN bridge software automatically saves its configuration in a file (`vpn_bridge.config`, owned by root) so
you do not have to reconfigure it each time you run it.
If you set it up to run in
["service mode"](https://www.softether.org/4-docs/1-manual/7._Installing_SoftEther_VPN_Server/7.3_Install_on_Linux_and_Initial_Configurations)
then it will also run automatically at boot using `init.d`.
This starts by copying the files to `/usr/local` and making them owned by root,
then setting up an `init.d` service file.  However the instructions for the service file are not
quite right for the Raspberry Pi which does not have `chkconfig`.
Instead you have to
manually set the dependencies in the service file (see here for an appropriate

> [init.d/vpnbridge service file](vpnbridge)) and then use the following to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`init.d/vpnbridge` service file](vpnbridge)) and then use the following to
```

Reviewer: Why not present the CLI data as CLI?

(Why mark a comment as resolved without applying it nor commenting to explain why *not* applying it? This may result in the commenter accepting your reasoning, or presenting counter-argument, which you might then accept or present further argument against....)
